we're here here I'm with my buddies sky
and sky is going to show us a brand-new
invention for processing fruits and
vegetables into pure fruit and vegetable
juice correct correct you know what's it
called what is this product color the
hyrum slow juicer compared to other
traditional high-speed juicers are
juicer it actually rotates in 80 rpm
it's slowly squeezes and by doing that
we actually minimize the oxidation
process and maximize the vitamins and
nutrients that are in the fruit so if
you see that comparison between
traditional and our juicer a traditional
juicer by high speed it oxidized and
separates for our juicer because it's
slow it actually maintains its form
you're right now you're feeding the
thing celery and apples and how does it
actually tastes well it tastes like
heaven a most of the vitamins nutrients
that are already extracted in the juice
so if you could grab a piece and put in
your mouth it has no flavor at all no
flavor at all tastes like styrofoam what
did you taste say exactly like apples
and celery try now sure here we go here
we go pretty sky here we go
I'm kidding okay I'm kidding it tastes
great now how easy is it to use I saw
you using it and we don't mind setting
it back up maybe can i feed it a little
bit sure you could do that let's see
let's see how easy this thing is to use
all right okay so it's got it okay we're
turning it on if there's two there's two
speeds right no there's only one smoking
on and off ok so here we go just push it
in hey I just dropped it I'm sorry can
you kill a gremlin with something like
this uh sometimes like a gremlin
creature came into your house okay and
you know you had to eat like the ones
already in the microwave maybe already
have another one in the toaster you
could probably use like this two
kilogram Lenore something if it's small
enough you can just fit it in there is a
small grim death look how big this oh
you put a little little guy in there
easy if your kids aren't very nice you
can like threaten them i'm gonna put
your hunters and loser I did that all is
right you do you guys saw how little i
put in there and look at how much juice
you actually get so it i'm kidding i'm
not gonna do that that's disgusting but
who wants a drink anybody want a drink
you guys all want to try this it
actually tastes really good here we go
here we go Skye you first sir very good
like that try that see yes here we go
live at CES everybody here wants to try
some of this
that's good my juice is delicious
welcome to Vegas who else wants some of
my juice haha would you like some juice
sir yes some juice I squeezed it myself
it was a slow rub right into slow rub
said it squeezed in my sister slow
squeeze I squeezed it myself sky thank
you so much for showing us the juice or
what's it called again here I'm slow
juicer and when does it come out
everything came out we're already
selling it at amazon right now and we
have a US office in LA california here
i'm slow juicer there in LA to you know
we're going to do a little visit over to
those guys and catch up with sky and see
what the next invention is and yes it
can kill a gremlin
you